Welcome back.
We're in the last part of the solution to the challenge for Section 16.
The other thing we've got left to do is clean up those account Udal files so that we don't have all
this duplicated code.
So I mean the challenge solution project and this challenge solution project right now is exactly like
we left off part 2.
So the first thing we want to do is want to look at these helper functions and we really want to get
rid of all of them except what we absolutely need and what we absolutely do need is remember we're going
to come at these things now with base class pointers.
So that way we can just use dynamic binding and only have one version of them.
So that's what we're going to do.
We're going to keep display deposit and withdraw.
But instead of having a vector of account objects we're going to have a vector of pointers to account
objects.
That's my base class pointer.
That's what really gives me the power of dynamic polymorphism.
So that's what I need to do all of these down here I can get rid of I don't need specialized versions
of these things because the whole point of dynamic polymorphism is to let the runtime system figure
out which one to use.
So this is what we want to reduce it to.
I'm going to modify that to say pointer classes because that's where we are and also these include files.
Notice the only thing we really care about his account.
So we don't need all these include files we can get rid of them we only need the account.
OK so that's where we're at now.
Now the implementation for all of those functions that go to that file.
So in the account you will see Peepy file.
We only want to keep the first three and we're going to modify them slightly.
The rest of them we can just get rid of because those are the specialized versions for savings checking
account and trust account and those we're assuming static binding so we're not doing static binding
anymore so we don't need them at all.
So let's get rid of them and this is what I got.
Now I've got three functions displayed deposit and withdraw.
Now we do need to modify them slightly because our prototypes now expect pointer's right here.
So that's a pointer.
And I'm just going to say a count object pointers because that's really what we are.
So let's take a look at this for a second and understand what's going on here.
In this case I've got four Konst Otto.
There's my count right now this is this needs to change a little bit.
I don't really want a reference.
I already have a pointer so I don't need that at all.
I just need to get rid of that and then now since Autor will be a pointer I just need to dereference
the pointer here.
That's an object and that we'll call the overloaded operator that we just created the insertion operator.
So that's just a really precise change.
But that's all we need to do here.
The same with deposit in deposit we've got account pointers again.
So we'll change that because the vector is a little different.
And we don't need the reference here because we've got a pointer but what do we do now.
But we've got to call the deposit method right.
But we have a pointer.
So we just need to change the operator to the arrow operator.
That's it.
And then here with withdraw last step again we've got pointers to accounts in the vector.
So what do we do here.
Same idea get rid of the reference because we've got pointers there and we call account withdraw from
the Pointer.
We also need to make a couple of changes right here.
We need to dereference that pointer to get the account here as well.
That will also call the overloaded insertion operator.
We need to dereference the pointer here to get the object.
And here as well.
And that should do it.
You can see how much code we got rid of we got rid of a ton of code and we've simplified our our project
we've simplified our thinking we can come at these now with base class pointers and let the runtime
system figure out which method to bind.
All right so now let's go to our main and take a look.
Here's our main is a whole bunch of stuff in here.
Let's give it a run and see what happens.
There we go.
There's our run.
You can see here I'm creating a checking account.
Again this is not a pointer.
This is just creating a plain object on the stack.
Frank with 5000 there it is.
Now I'm creating a trust account and I'm creating that account dynamically through a base class pointer
and there's James.
No balance no interest and no withdrawals.
And notice how we were able to print that on the street just because we're using our overloaded operators
and it's printed correctly.
Now we're creating Larry Moe and Curly as three pointers to accounts.
And again where we create We're instantiating a checking account a savings account and a trust account
and then we're adding those three pointers to this Vektor accounts.
Now we're calling display accounts that's that function that we just updated in the account utile and
it's going to display the three accounts and I expect dynamic binding and that's exactly what happens.
You could see right here checking savings and trust that's pretty cool.
Then we deposit $1000 into one of those accounts you can see right here I'm depositing a thousand to
checking to savings into to trust.
Finally we're withdrawing 2000.
That's this code right here you see the last one fails because it's not of balance.
And then finally we display the accounts one less time and we see the balances we clean up our pointers
and we're done now.
We're done.
The challenge is over.
I hope you had a fun time doing it.
If you had trouble with it don't worry.
This was not an easy challenge this was.
This was a very very challenging exercise.
Go back and understand what I did compared to what you did.
Maybe you just forgot to dereference a pointer and it was as simple as that.
For example if you're in the account you will see the file.
And if we forgot to dereference these pointers right here let's just do the withdraw and you'll see
the difference when I run this again.
You'll see the difference when I run this again.
It prints out here on the withdraw.
Right there you see that that's the pointers.
Those are the addresses.
So that's a clue right.
I'm printing the pointer of course I'm printing the pointer.
I don't want to print the pointer.
I want to print when it's pointing to.
So that's where you have to go back here and now dereference that pointer and get what it's pointing
to.
And that'll get you exactly what you got.
All right.
So congratulations on finishing the section this was a very complex section and this really takes your
C++ knowledge to another level.
What we'll do in the next section is we'll talk about smart pointers and we'll be able to finally get
rid of all these raw pointers in modern C++ need to understand raw pointers we must understand raw pointers.
But we really want to develop using smart pointers and never ever having to worry about allocating storage
with delete.